---
layout: post
title:  "Have you wondered what Music Technology is about?"
permalink: /workshops/tech-camp
date:   2021-09-01 18:00:00 +0200
image: /assets/workshops/WoNoMuTe_Tech_Promotion.jpg
category: forthcoming
excerpt: "In our Autumn Music Tech Camp, you will experience music and creativity in a new way."
comments: true
---

**6 - 8 Oct 2021** // **10:00 - 15:00** // **University of Oslo** // <strong><a href="https://nettskjema.no/a/216441">Register here</a></strong>


### Workshop

Are you a high-school student between 15-18 years old looking for something fun to do during the break? Join the Music Tech Camp we organized to show you how intriguing this domain can be, and to spark an interest in more girls and non-binary people. Music technology is represented mostly by men these days, and we want to help you realize that you can do it too, if you want!

We wish you to feel comfortable asking questions and interacting with us - there's no such thing as a dumb question! - so the workshops will be taught only by women or non-binary people. But hey, if you're a boy looking for something new to learn in the gorgeous company of several women, then you're welcome to sign up!

The program consists of several workshops held in English (we're all internationals yay!) and there is no previous knowledge required to join any of them. However, we want to show you practical things and teach you how to do the cool stuff yourself, so it would be great if you could bring a laptop to work on. If that's not possible, mention it in the registration form or in an email, and we'll make sure to find a solution!

Below is an overview of the workshops planned so far. We'll post more information with the exact time and any preparation needed (for example, a software you could install before joining the workshop to save some time) closer to the date. There's also a few surprises prepared, so get ready to be amazed!

####Wednesday, October 6, approximately between 9:00 - 15:00:

- The basics of audio sampling in Audacity

In this workshop, together with our resident singer, Ane Bjerkan you will learn some basic knowledge of audio editing and sampling. You will do it all in Audacity - a great free software to help you with all things audio, albeit in a rather dull user interface. Be ready for a field trip to record sounds in the wild for this one!

- Things you need to know about performing live

Following the basic sound editing introduction, Ane Bjerkan will talk about and show you different microphones, soundcards and sound systems for performing live (PA). You'll talk about what do you need to set up a home studio, the differences between microphones and their qualities and how you can use a PA-system for band rehearsals. This is a practical workshop where you get to try out the equipment and learn the basics. Bring lots of questions!

- How to record your own song and do some basic post-production in Audacity

A new student of the Music, Communication and Technology Master's (MCT), Sofía González will walk you through a step by step tutorial of how to record a song yourself. Have you stuttered at the beginning of the song and need to cut away some second or need to apply some filters to equalize the sound? She will show you how to do that and a lot other fun stuff!

####Thursday, October 7, approximately between 9:00 - 15:00:

- Music production and sound processing in Reaper

A doctoral research fellow at RITMO, Dana Swarbrick will give a workshop on the basis of music production using Reaper, a comprehensive digital audio workstation, showing you more cool effects and details about how to work with multi-tracks, how to record, edit, process, mix, and master a song.

- Sensory music effects with Reaper and OSC

After learning the basics with Dana, Alena Clim, a student of the MCT Master's, will show you how to use the sensors already existing in your phone - your light sensor, the compass, and accelerometer - to control the sound effects you wish to put on an audio track in Reaper. That way you can control, say, the volume or pitch of a specific track through the movements of your phone. It's easier than it sounds!

####Friday, October 8:

We have some surprises organized for you on Friday, and it might be a shorter day. All I can say is that it has something to do with echos and possibly podcasting. Maybe even with music making using little bits of hardware. You'll also get to show something you worked on to everybody at the end - a short concert of sorts where we'll all play something we worked on throughout the workshops. No need to run scared, it'll be fun!

If you have any questions, please contact Alena Clim at alenacl@uio.no

Looking forward to seeing you all!

*************** Register here :  https://nettskjema.no/a/216441 ******************
