---
layout: post
title: WoNoMute - Open Call - Who is your Woman in Music Tech (WoMuTe) Hero?
permalink: /open-call-womute-heroes-8-march-2019/
author: WoNoMute
date:   2019-02-21 13:45:00 +0100
image: "/assets/img/WoNoMute-painting.jpg"
categories: announcement
excerpt: "<br>Submission deadline is 1st of March, 2019</br> The call for participation is addressed to anyone (academia, industry, arts, start-up's, and more!, all genders) who would like to introduce a woman hero in music tech. You are free in your choice. However, we prefer figures who are/were technological and musical pioneers."
comments: true

---

**Submission deadline is 1st of March, 2019**

The call for participation is addressed to anyone (academia, industry, arts, start-up's, and more!, all genders) who would like to introduce a woman hero in music tech. You are free in your choice. However, we prefer figures who are/were technological and musical pioneers.

The post should include:

- name and mini-bio max. 150 characters, with a nice citation.

We will gather the contributions and publish all heroes on the **International Women's Day (8th of March)** on the [WoNoMute website](http://wonomute.no/). Please include your name/artist or name/nick name and a link to your website (not obligatory).

The WoMuTe heroes will be illustrated by [Oscar Martinez Castells](http://05hb.blogspot.com/), who has broad experience in illustrating music tech figures, and with whom we have collaborated in the past with [Women in Music Tech](https://womeninmusictech.gatech.edu) at Georgia Tech and the celebrated [Music Tech Figures posters](https://womeninmusictech.gatech.edu/music-tech-figures/).

Drop us a line here wonomute [at] gmail . com (to the attention of Karolina Jawad) on who you are writing about (subject: my womute hero). We will double check that we're not repeating figures. Below you can see already which figures will appear in the post. The deadlines for submissions is the **1st of March, 2019**.

We're looking very much forward to your contributions!

<div style="background:orange; padding:2%; margin-bottom:2%">
<p><strong>Bios in preparation:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ada Lovelace</li>
<li>Hilde Marie Holsen</li>
<li>Laurie Spiegel</li>
<li>Delia Derbyshire</li>
</ul>
</div>

{% include image.html
max-width="100%" file="/assets/img/WoNoMute-painting.jpg" alt="WoNoMute painting" %}
